Okay, so we have a couple of
great questions in the chat.
One of them was why was
TypeScript necessary again?
So I mentioned that this
is at this state and time,
not state like state at this moment in
time, view three is just coming out.
And view three was a complete
rewrite from the base of view.
So like it's a completely
different code base and
all of that code base was
written in TypeScript.
So in order for nuxts, to work with it
currently at this moment, it needs to load
in TypeScript in order to work, but that
will change in the future and in fact,
l will update our readme and
put in a new exercise that's compatible.
That's as soon as that update is made,
and so
that is the reason why we work
with TypeScript in nuxt right now.
There was also another really good
question of when I recommend using
composition API instead of UX.
And this is going to be
a little bit subjective
because a lot of different people have
a lot of different thoughts on the matter.
But here's my personal thought and I think
some of the view core team share, this,
I've spoken to some of them about this.
So the times when I want
to use view x is when I'm
clearly stating that this is the brains of
the application and these are the really
important bits for every piece of
the application to know about.
So it's kind of self
documenting in that way.
The reason why someone is asking that
question is because technically, I could
start using composition API Instead of
UX for those changes, that is possible.
But what I'm going to start doing is
I'm going to start using composition
API more for the kind of encapsulated
logic that I'd like to reuse in different
places around the application,
like dark mode, like use window width,
like all of these pieces of
functionality that aren't necessarily
tied to templates that I need to
reuse in several different places.
And it's becoming kind of standard to
place those inside of a composable folder.
What I like about keeping them separate
is that there's a bit of a legibility of
distinction.
Yes, both can work for the same thing and
I can use composition API for that.
But I like the idea that someone
could come into a repo that I own and
know okay, these things are in the store,
these are the things that are getting
doled out to many different
components all over this app.
And these composable are pieces that
I'm probably going to be using over and
over again in many different components.
So it's a little bit less of can it
do it because it absolutely can?
And more of a stylistic decision of
saying, I want to make sure that my
code is as legible to maintainers around
me and also future me as possible.
But great question, you did so much today.
We made a full game and used view x store.
We use view clx for it.
In our food next app,
we created a whole application with nuxt.
We deployed it, we brought in data
with an API, we created a bunch
of things that were dynamic to that API,
like grades that we could filter on.
We also created dynamic pages.
And at the very end, we showed how we
could use some conditional logic and
even getters to show things in our store.
Thanks so much for joining me today.
This was really a blast.